README.md, before:

notd
====
**N**ick **o**f **t**he **D**ay

This is a short Python script which generates nicknames, suitable for use in online video games or similar environments.

The database (stored in `nicks.yaml`) could always use more words in it! Please don't hesitate to clone, add your own words or phrases, test them out, and submit a pull request.

Requires [PyYaml](http://pyyaml.org/).

Usage
----

    /path/to/notd.py


Examples
----
 * The Virus of Unstoppable Violence
 * Count Bob the Unrepentant
 * Dirk, Awe-inspiring Fighter
 * Empress Alice the Diseased
 * Random Access Mammary
 * The Color of Pointed Success
 * Daintily Ethical Impaling
 * The Visitor of Strictness
 * Kernel Panic
 * King Alec the Deadly
 * Queen Zetta the Musty
 * Lordess Chloe the Filthy
 * Empress Ma, Crafter of Jealousy
 * The Trees of Self-Control
 * Jenice the Dismal
 * Baron Rolland the Idiotically Careless
 * The Guitar of Lavish Strictness
 * Emperor Morgan, Crusher
 * Princess Leonila, Decimator of Reasonably Nice Nature
 * King Junior the Caring
 * The Wine of Crafting
 * Laverna, Happily Outlying Crusher of Jealousy
 * Lordess Mikki, Impaler of Sniveling Pride
 * Dan
 * I Swear It Wasn't Me
 * Rocco, Shatterer
 * Countess Hellen the Hideous
 * The Victoriously Elegant Year of Principle
 * Jordon, Flawless Slapper
 * Ensnarer
 * Bob, Stabber of Eagerly Shallow Beheading
 * Countess Dalene, Judicious Bludgeoner
 * Countess Crystle
 * Dorsey the Tubby
 * 1998 World Spooning Champion
 * Wiry Fighter
 * Single Bringing
 * Twatwaffle
 * The Fact of Banging
 * Duke Shelby the Generous
 * Pasty
 * Zanily Hideous Exterminater
 * Zesty Cleaving
 * Duchess Elenor
 * Annhilator
 * Wisdom
 * Countess Lola the Fond
 * Duchess Ta the Thirsty
 * Mother Hugger
 * Prince Lonny the Sad
 * Tiffaney the Sentimental
 * Perseverance
 * Kieth the Rosy
 * Duchess Emmaline, Greatly Even Destroyer of Strength
 * Master Gaylord the Necessary
 * Hunter, Bringer of Anxiously Crisp Annhilation
 * Princess Doretha
 * World Turing Test Champion
 * Jealousy
 * The Cows of Heroism
 * Lordess Serita the Superior
 * Emperor Garrett the Orderly
 * Wenona, Extorter
 * Don't Assault Me, Bro!

Commit message:

added ability to print multiple names

README.md, after:

notd
====
**N**ick **o**f **t**he **D**ay

This is a short Python script which generates nicknames, suitable for use in online video games or similar environments.

The database (stored in `nicks.yaml`) could always use more words in it! Please don't hesitate to clone, add your own words or phrases, test them out, and submit a pull request.

Requires [PyYaml](http://pyyaml.org/).

Usage
----

    /path/to/notd.py [count]

Prints `count` number of names, or one name if count is omitted or cannot be interpreted as a number.


Examples
----
 * The Virus of Unstoppable Violence
 * Count Bob the Unrepentant
 * Dirk, Awe-inspiring Fighter
 * Empress Alice the Diseased
 * Random Access Mammary
 * The Color of Pointed Success
 * Daintily Ethical Impaling
 * The Visitor of Strictness
 * Kernel Panic
 * King Alec the Deadly
 * Queen Zetta the Musty
 * Lordess Chloe the Filthy
 * Empress Ma, Crafter of Jealousy
 * The Trees of Self-Control
 * Jenice the Dismal
 * Baron Rolland the Idiotically Careless
 * The Guitar of Lavish Strictness
 * Emperor Morgan, Crusher
 * Princess Leonila, Decimator of Reasonably Nice Nature
 * King Junior the Caring
 * The Wine of Crafting
 * Laverna, Happily Outlying Crusher of Jealousy
 * Lordess Mikki, Impaler of Sniveling Pride
 * Dan
 * I Swear It Wasn't Me
 * Rocco, Shatterer
 * Countess Hellen the Hideous
 * The Victoriously Elegant Year of Principle
 * Jordon, Flawless Slapper
 * Ensnarer
 * Bob, Stabber of Eagerly Shallow Beheading
 * Countess Dalene, Judicious Bludgeoner
 * Countess Crystle
 * Dorsey the Tubby
 * 1998 World Spooning Champion
 * Wiry Fighter
 * Single Bringing
 * Twatwaffle
 * The Fact of Banging
 * Duke Shelby the Generous
 * Pasty
 * Zanily Hideous Exterminater
 * Zesty Cleaving
 * Duchess Elenor
 * Annhilator
 * Wisdom
 * Countess Lola the Fond
 * Duchess Ta the Thirsty
 * Mother Hugger
 * Prince Lonny the Sad
 * Tiffaney the Sentimental
 * Perseverance
 * Kieth the Rosy
 * Duchess Emmaline, Greatly Even Destroyer of Strength
 * Master Gaylord the Necessary
 * Hunter, Bringer of Anxiously Crisp Annhilation
 * Princess Doretha
 * World Turing Test Champion
 * Jealousy
 * The Cows of Heroism
 * Lordess Serita the Superior
 * Emperor Garrett the Orderly
 * Wenona, Extorter
 * Don't Assault Me, Bro!
